**Soumitra Shewale January 7, 2020 at 23:11 (India Standard Time)**
> Section 5.1 (c) in https://codein.withgoogle.com/student-terms/ states that every task output should be licensed under an appropriate open source license. So, I would like to license my work (The Gist) under the MIT license:
> https://gist.github.com/soumitradev/905ca82bd7414ad0349d38aa1b728151#file-license

> Thanks for the help on this task by the way!

**logankilpatrick December 19, 2019 at 22:30 (India Standard Time)**
> Great work. Looks awesome.

**logankilpatrick December 19, 2019 at 22:29 (India Standard Time)**
_Task approved_

**Soumitra Shewale December 19, 2019 at 22:17 (India Standard Time)**
_Submitted for review_

**Soumitra Shewale December 19, 2019 at 22:17 (India Standard Time)**
> Hi, I just added the References you asked for. Thanks a lot for the help and quick response!

**logankilpatrick December 19, 2019 at 21:48 (India Standard Time)**
_More work needed_

**logankilpatrick December 19, 2019 at 21:48 (India Standard Time)**
> Wow, awesome work. See the comment on your notebook that I made.

**Soumitra Shewale December 18, 2019 at 23:15 (India Standard Time)**
> Hi there! My previous gist was having issues while rendering, and so I deleted it. The new gist is here: https://gist.github.com/soumitradev/905ca82bd7414ad0349d38aa1b728151

> I have also attached the new Jupyter Notebook File and gif if you wish to review my task offline.

> Thanks!
>  wave.gif (233.0 kB)
> Transverse_Wave_Simulator.ipynb (1.1 MB)

**Soumitra Shewale December 18, 2019 at 22:57 (India Standard Time)**
_Submitted for review_

**Soumitra Shewale December 18, 2019 at 22:57 (India Standard Time)**
> Hi! I have written a "Transverse Wave Simulator" that takes in parameters of a wave in different forms and simulates that wave in the form of an animated graph. I have uploaded my Jupyter Notebook as a Gist, which includes an explanation of the code. The Gist does not show the UI generated by Interact due to Gist's limited abilities.

> The link to the Gist: https://gist.github.com/soumitradev/710d5c345fb4ddb55f6e073067465336

> In case you wish to evaluate my task offline, I have also attached the Jupyter Notebook file and the gif of the example wave created in the Jupyter Notebook.

> Thanks!
>  Transverse_Wave_Simulator.ipynb (1.1 MB)
>  wave.gif (233.0 kB)

**Soumitra Shewale December 15, 2019 at 20:03 (India Standard Time)**
_Task claimed_